Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[light music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[dramatic chanting
and percussion]
[fire whooshing]
[tense music]
♪ Say you a gangster
♪ Don't impress me none
♪ Ain't seen a thing you done
♪ I do it all so
♪ I ain't getting
help from no one ♪
♪ From no one
♪ So you a gangster
♪ Don't impress me none
♪ Say you a gangster
♪ Ain't seen a thing you done
♪ Done dash P dot com
♪ Say you a gangster
[hip hop music]
- [Kid] Mommy. please. stop!
Mommy. please. please.
stop. mommy. please stop!
[booming]
- Let's go. ladies. on
the chow. on the chow!
[men shouting in distance]
[toilet flushing]
[sighing]
[phone chiming]
- Judah. What up. man?
- [Judah] Yo. you guys ready?
- We always ready. playboy.
- [Judah] All right.
Goldie picked up that big
shipment I told you about.
He's in apartment
right now with Lady.
Be mindful.
He keep two revolvers
with him all the times.
- Aight. we gonna
roll out right now.
Aight. bye.
Ready. man?
- Hell yeah.
- Let's do this shit. man.
[tense music]
Yo. you sure your
girl got this. man?
- Yeah man.
She already got figured out
the delivery man's coming. bro.
We've been over this a
hundred times. Fresh.
She knows what to do
when we get up there.
- We ain't leaving
shit to chance. man.
Bow your heads. man.
- Why?
- Just do it. man.
Yo. why the fuck you keep
looking at me like that. man?
- Yo. 'cause you're
the only nigga I know
that asks God to hold him down
before you purposely go
breaking the 10 commandments.
- Yeah. Fresh.
You do know the
bible say some shit
about thou shall
not kill. right?
- Preach.
- You do know the
bible say some shit
about thou shall not run
up in some nigga's spot.
put a gun in his face
and take his shit. right?
- Man. fuck all that.
God knows my heart.
That's all that fucking matters.
Strap the fuck up. man.
[hip hop music]
♪ Baba una
♪ Niggas be capping
on that blue app ♪
♪ Wanna send your location on
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Wherever they at
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Wherever they at
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Wherever they at
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah
♪ They talking smack
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ They talking smack
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Wherever they at
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Yeah yeah yeah
♪ I don't couch chase
I don't dick ride ♪
♪ Half in the game I
don't switch sides ♪
♪ Niggas talk money
and still broke ♪
♪ Say they bosses
and they still work ♪
♪ Be my piece 'cause
it still hurt ♪
♪ And they kick back.
make it feel worse ♪
♪ Niggas act blind.
better feel first ♪
♪ Fore I pull up on
you in a steel hearse ♪
♪ Throw your body
on the backside ♪
♪ You ain't going like
it when my goons slide ♪
♪ They'll wipe you
out like a riptide ♪
♪ Spin the block
down. get tied ♪
[doorbell dinging]
♪ We pull up on niggas
wherever they at ♪
♪ Yeah I'm in the front.
the goons in the back ♪
♪ My finger on trigger
that thing on my lap ♪
♪ We know you not like
that so nigga relax ♪
♪ I'm pulling cards and
I'm pulling broads ♪
- Yo?
Shit. what's up.
you made it. man.
What's going on. man?
[mumbling]
Come on to the back. B.
- You still got the same
shit from last time. right?
- [Goldie] Oh yes.
it's still fire.
- Yeah niggas feel
that real nice.
- What's going on?
- All something
change your weather.
Make sure that shit right.
- [Goldie] Got the cash.
Aight. my man.
- Hey do me a favor.
I'm just going out for a minute.
- [Goldie] No doubt. no doubt.
I'll order some food if
you hang out. we eat.
- [Fresh] Hey. what's up. Lady?
He's alone?
Did you order the food?
Good. good. good.
You're in the hallway. right?
All right. we're coming in now.
Everything's set up.
[rap music in background]
- [Porsha] What's up?
Good. y'all move my shit?
- Yeah we got a few ounces left.
- I need my shit moved
quicker than that.
- Look here. there's a
recession around this bitch.
What. you ain't heard?
Shit slow.
Plus the shit you giving
us is straight trash.
- What you mean straight trash?
- Shit is trash.
I mean you can't be giving
us no bullshit to sell
and expecting us
to move it quick.
Shit don't work that way.
- Man. I didn't ask
you all of that.
I just need my shit moved.
- It's gonna be hard to do that
if they decide to
go somewhere else.
- Man. I don't
know. figure it out.
I'm not here to babysit y'all
and I'm definitely not
gonna hold y'all hand
through that process.
so make sure y'all
move my shit quick.
This my money?
Where the fuck is Chase at?
[bell dinging]
- Shit. that gotta be
the food right there.
Who?
- [Fresh] Food delivery.
Give us the fucking shit. man.
- Shit.
- Just get me the stuff.
- Man. man.
Yo. relax man.
Come on man. chill. B.
Yo. you bugging out. homes.
- [Fresh] Sit your ass down.
- [Goldie] Yo man relax!
- [Fresh] Where the fuck
is the rest of the money?!
- Man. fuck you. man.
[gun firing]
Oh. shit!
Fuck!
- I'm not gonna ask again!
- Shit man. it's
in the cereal box
in the kitchen.
- [Fresh] Grab the one.
- [Bone] Where you
going. motherfucker?
[gun firing]
Gotcha man.
Fuck that. fuck him!
[gun firing]
[groaning]
- [Fresh] Motherfucker!
[gun firing]
- You wanna tell
me what the fuck
is going on over here?
- What you mean what's going on?
I'm here to make sure my
business in being ran smoothly.
- This is not how
we conduct business.
- So how do we
conduct business then?
- You come to me
and I come to them.
- Man. whatever.
This my money?
- That's your money.
- [Porsha] Alright. so I'ma
see y'all in a couple weeks.
- Aight.
I don't like the way
you've been moving lately.
- Man. whatever. I
don't like the way
you've been moving lately.
[sighing]
Oh shit. oh shit!
- Yo. who the fuck is she?
- Who the fuck are you?
- [Bone] Screw that.
She saw your face. we
gotta kill this bitch.
- Do it and I'm taking
all you motherfuckers
to hell with me. I
swear to fucking god!
- Listen bitch. we're just
here handling business.
You don't know us and
we don't know you.
Roll out. man.
- [Cash] Are you sure?
- Yeah. nigga. roll out. man.
[tense music]
[door slamming]
Where's the rest of the money?!
- [Goldie] Fuck you. man.
[knocking]
- Fresh.
Fresh.
[gun firing]
Wake your ass up. Fresh.
[knocking]
[gun firing]
What's up bro?
- [Fresh] Let's hurry up and
count this money and work.
I got shit to do. man.
- Yo Fresh.
Yo. Fresh. you all right?
- Look at my face. bro.
Does it look like I'm all right?
- What. that mistake?
- Mistake?
Motherfucking Starbucks
employees could afford
to make mistakes.
Motherfuckers who work at
Burger King and McDonalds
could afford to make mistakes.
One mistake in our line of work
will get you head
blown off. man.
That bitch of yours almost
got me killed last night.
If that nigga's aim had
been slightly better.
this wouldn't be a
bandage over my face.
It'll be a fucking ziplock.
I'm telling y'all man.
that shit was real sloppy.
It could have gotten me
shot and one of us killed.
- Yo I spoke to her
about that. Fresh.
- Fuck a talk. she's out. man.
- What?!
- [Fresh] You heard
me nigga. she's out.
- Yo. I understand
she slipped up bro.
but she's loyal!
- I remember the last time a
nigga in this crew slipped up.
Yeah. Cash knows the
answer to that one.
I did 10 years behind that shit.
Behind another nigga's slip up.
Shit ain't happening again.
And her cut of the money
is coming out of your
part of the take.
Your bitch. your idea to
bring her in. your money.
Ain't no way in hell I'm
splitting shit with a bitch
who almost got my head
blown the fuck off. man.
- But that's gonna mean
we gonna need a new hook.
- New hook?
Yo. despite what
happened last night.
Lady's the only female I trust
to hold my life in her hands.
I don't trust these
other bitches!
- She's out. man.
You saw how shook she got
after I blew that nigga's
head off last night. man.
- Yo. Bone.
You think Lady gonna
keep her mouth shut
about that Goldie job?
- [Bone] Of course!
- I hope so.
'Cause a dead bitch definitely
can't tell the police
a damn thing. homie.
- Yo. don't you
think I know that?
I'd take her out myself if
I knew she was gonna snitch!
- I hope so.
- [Announcer] Attention
MTA customers.
next stop transferring. E
line 47 easy line trains.
[rap song in foreign language]
- [Woman] Shit.
- [Porsha] Hey boo.
- What's going on?
I'm trying to get my
life together here.
- [Porsha] Need any help?
Gimme.
Everything was good?
- Everything went good. girl.
- Yo Chase. you ready?
Aight. get 2Gs and meet
me in the juice bar
in like an hour.
Aight.
Bye.
Aight I'ma go home and change.
Take the car and I'ma
link up with you later.
- All right.
- All right?
[R&B music]
- [Chase] How much?
- A brick. but I need you
to stretch that shit out
for real this time.
'Cause my money's tight
and this recession shit
is fucking up my pocket.
- I don't know. shorty.
you have a few that been
complaining this shit weak.
- Yeah. well I gots
to cook this shit down
to the oil in them. B.
'cause we need butter
out here in them streets.
- They keep coming
back. don't they?
I don't give a fuck.
Stretch that shit out.
- Aight we got you.
Damn bro. this
recession shit hard.
That's why it's never good
to only have one hustle.
- Man. but if we're
selling blow up. man.
shit gonna slow down. man.
specially when they got
butter up their blouse. B.
- I'm looking into
other shit. man.
Damn. you all couldn't
order a bitch.
not a drink. no juice. nothing?
- I ain't your man. shorty.
- Shit. I'll be your man.
get you something to eat.
drink. all of that shit.
- It's called being a gentleman.
- You said it yourself.
we in a recession
and money tight. right?
Besides. I never said
I was no gentleman.
- All right. that's my cue. man.
I'ma get busy.
I'ma go handle this business
and shit like that.
- That's fucked up.
I'ma go get my juice.
Can I get a little
flame and a shot of OG?
- Got you right there.
- [Porsha] Thank you.
What. what you looking at?
- You know what.
You just gonna sit
there and ignore
the elephant in the room?
- Chase. that shit that
happened the other day.
that shit shouldn't
have happened.
- But it did.
And I've been thinking
about you ever since.
- [Porsha] Come on.
- I'm serious.
- [sighing] Like. so what?
- Well. I'm serious.
Porsha you know I've been
feeling you for years now.
- Chase. you know
you're community dick
and I can never settle
down with a nigga like you.
- You're acting like
a nigga can't change
specially for the right woman.
- I didn't say a man
can't change. but
I'm not gonna wait for
somebody to change.
- Porsha. what
other nigga you know
is gonna protect you and
hold you down in the streets
the way that I would?
- [Porsha] I don't know.
- So at least think about
me before you shoot me down.
- Yo. you know that
nigga right there?
- [Chase] What nigga?
- [Porsha] The nigga that
just walked out of here.
- I don't know him personally.
I know he used to run with
Jazz and Geez back in the day.
Why. what's up?
- [Porsha] What's his name?
- Fresh.
Why. what happened?
- Like I said. I'ma be looking
into other shit.
- Where you going?
- [Porsha] Looking
into other shit.
- [Fresh] Whoah. whoah.
what's your problem. sugar?
- Oh you don't know a
bitch. now. huh Fresh?
- No I don't know you
and just because
you know my name
doesn't mean you know me.
- Oh. is that right huh?
Let me tell you what I do know.
I know you and your crew robbed
and killed Goldie last night.
And you don't got
that scar on your face
'cause you was cutting
yourself shaving.
- I don't know what
you're talking about. man.
- You know exactly
what I'm talking about.
- Listen. shorty.
mind your business
before you fuck
around and make me
get all up in yours.
- Relax. chill.
Your secret's safe with me.
As far as I'm concerned.
you did me a favor.
Goldie was my competition.
So I really don't care about him
clocking out of here early.
- Then what the fuck
you want. conversation?
'Cause a nigga ain't
got time right now. man.
- Listen. I know Goldie
had a lot of money
in that apartment.
And I'm sure he's not the
only one y'all have hit.
- Jump to the chase. shorty.
I got shit to do. man.
- [Porsha] I want in.
- I told you before. I
don't know what the fuck
you're talking about.
- Listen. that bitch y'all
ran out of there with.
that was your little
plug or whatever. right?
[laughing] She was so scared
running down them stairs
I could tell. she nearly
pissed on her pants. I bet
when you killed Goldie. right?
[laughing] She did.
You need a bitch who
ain't scared of blood.
- And you that bitch. huh?
- I sure am.
- Get the fuck off my truck.
Yo. meet me in the
park in three days.
I need to talk to
you about something.
- [Cash] Fresh. what's up bro?
- [Fresh] What you
doing. Cash. how are you?
- [Cash] Chilling.
- Good.
- You out here early I see.
- I mean. doing what I do.
- All right. all right.
Came to see what was going down.
- I saw shorty
three days ago. man.
- Who?
- Shorty from the
Goldie job. man.
- That bitch from the hallway?
- Yeah.
- [Cash] She saw you?
- Yeah she saw me man.
She ran down on me and all that.
Knew my name and all that.
- What happened?
- Said she just wanted to talk.
- Talk?
About what?
- Said she want to be a
part of the crew. man.
- [Cash] Part of
the crew. that's it?
- Yeah.
- [Cash] What she want to
be a part of this crew for?
Last time I checked. we
ain't fucking recruiting.
- I don't know Cash.
- Look. Fresh. I
don't trust her.
She saw your face
and Lady's face.
She could be fucking
with the cops.
You ever thought
about that shit?
I knew I should've
taken care of her
in the hallway. man. I knew it.
What'd you tell her?
- I told her to get
the fuck on. man.
- [Cash] You aint
tell her shit else?
- Of course I ain't
tell her shit else. man.
You know me better
than that. man.
- Think she fucking
with the cops?
- [Fresh] I doubt it. man.
- You doubt it?
- Your black ass
still free. ain't you?
If she was fucking with police
we'd be in jail by now. man.
- And I feel you on that
one. man. I feel you.
Look. we still don't trust her.
We might have to
burn this bitch.
- I tell you the truth. Cash.
I just don't get that type
of energy from her. man.
She doesn't seem like
that type of person. man.
- Seem like that type of person?
You don't even know her.
What. you got that from
talking to the bitch
for a hot second?
She let you smell the pussy too?
Wake up. man.
- You a funny nigga. cash.
- Come on.
- I mean you saw
how she held her own
on the hallway that day.
Most bitches would
have shit at themselves
with all them guns
pointed at them.
Fuck. most niggas would have to.
She didn't though. man.
- Look. she got more
heart than most.
I give her that.
That still don't mean we
could trust her. Fresh.
That still don't mean
she won't tell. Fresh.
- Listen. man.
One thing is for sure is
I'm not fucking with
Lady no more. man.
And we definitely gonna
need a new hook. man.
- And you're thinking
about replacing Lady
with a chick that can
get us a one way ticket
to Riker's on a murder
charge and robbery charge?
Fuck that!
I'll pass.
- I ain't say we replacing
Lady with her. man.
- You ain't gotta say it. Fresh.
I see the wheels in
your head turning.
Look. we don't know
this chick like that.
We don't know if she
can handle what we into.
- You're right.
But there's one way to find out.
[hip hop music]
♪ It feels iffy. I'm pervin
♪ I don't like being nervous
♪ Funny vibes all on this
- Girl. we gotta
get to this money
all fucking winter.
- Cheers to that.
- All work. no play.
- I'm definitely with it.
[door shutting]
This drink is not bad.
I'ma go to the bathroom.
I'll be right back.
- What's up. Porsha?
- Man. fuck. I
didn't see. I'm out.
- No--
- Get the fuck
off of me. I said.
We ain't in that hallway.
I ain't outnumbered.
- Listen. my fault.
I understand.
but I'm here to talk. man.
- [Porsha] What you
wanna talk about?
- About starting over. Porsha.
I'm Fresh.
- Porsha.
- [Fresh] Nice to meet you.
Can I get your shots on?
- Go for it.
- [Waitress] Can I
get you something?
- Extra shots please.
- Sure.
- Hear me out. Porsha. my fault.
I understand man.
streets is crazy though.
I didn't know if you was trying
to set me up to some shit.
- What made you have
a change of heart?
- I asked around about you.
- [Porsha] And what'd
your nosy ass find out?
- That your name Porsha Garcia.
nigga saying you're a real one.
And you a hustler at heart.
- I told you that
shit the other day.
- Yeah you did.
But snitches and cops
say the same shit
and it's just that convincing.
Not always as pretty.
but just as convincing.
- [Waitress] Enjoy.
- So you're a real one. huh?
- [Porsha] All that. I've
been in these streets
since I was a little girl.
- Can you handle
a gun real well?
- Did it look like I
couldn't handle a gun?
Did it look like I couldn't
handle a gun in that hallway?
- Put your number in.
I'll be in touch. man.
- [Man On Radio] We
know her business.
- Copy. run 'em.
Right there. my brother.
- [Woman] Hi. baby.
- What the fuck you doing here?
Listen. Silk.
You already knew you can't
be coming here to see me.
- Why?
- [Fresh] Because you're
fucking canning me.
- Fresh. I'm gonna ride
this shit out with you.
You know I'm in love with you.
I'm gonna do this bit
with you and that's it.
I love you.
- Nah. baby girl.
What we had is over.
And I don't need nobody
finding out about us.
- What's wrong with
you. are you crazy?
- [Fresh] What the
fuck is wrong with you?
- I'm not going nowhere.
- You got a learning
disability or something?
- I'm not going nowhere.
- You can't follow
basic instructions or something?
- No.
- [Fresh] Get the
fuck outta here. Silk.
- No. no.
You're not going nowhere.
We're gonna ride this
bit out together.
- Your visit's over. inmate.
- I love you. Fresh.
It's not over
- Excuse me Ma'am
stay right there.
- Till I say it's over!
- [Guard] Got one coming back.
[clanging]
- Who was that?
- Girl. that was the nigga
that pulled that gun out on me.
- Oh. word?
And what he talking about?
- My favorite topic. money.
- That's what I'm talking about.
- [Kid] Stop. mommy. please!
Please. stop mommy. please stop!
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Yo. meet me in my
crib in 20 minutes.
- Excuse me. nigga?
- Just meet me in
20 minutes. man.
- First of all. I
haven't heard from you
in two weeks. you're
talking about come meet you
at two o'clock in the morning?
Fuck outta here.
- Listen Porsha. I ain't
got time for the bullshit.
This run pays 20 Gs.
Now you gonna play 50
goddamn questions with me.
or you gonna come out
and make this money. man?
- All right. all right. I'm in.
- Aight then.
Meet me at 2120 1st Avenue.
[hip hop music]
- So now what?
- Take this.
This is what's up.
My niggas upstairs
got two bricks
running for 20 thousand a piece.
He's an aight nigga but I
still like to see changes.
Okay. I'ma go upstairs.
I'ma makes sure he got the work.
If everything look good
I'll be back down here
to get the money.
If I'm not back here
in 20 minutes or so.
if anybody else comes
down to get that money.
you pull the fuck
off immediately
and call this number.
- Aight.
- Got that?
- Got it.
- Aight. this shouldn't
take but a minute.
[door shutting]
- Put that fucking
gun down. bitch.
- [Bone] Don't do it. baby
girl. you're gonna be a bodybag.
- Get the fuck in here!
Get the fuck in here. bitch.
- [Bone] Just get in.
- [Porsha] Open up!
[banging]
- [Bone] Where is Fresh?!
- [Porsha] I don't know
anybody named Fresh.
- Fresh. bitch.
where the fuck is he?
- [Porsha] Who is that?
I don't know. I don't
know who that is!
- It don't make a difference.
we'll end your ass
for Fresh tonight!
- [Porsha] I don't know
him. I don't know Fresh!
- You don't know no Fresh huh?
I just fucking saw you
at the lounge with him
two weeks ago.
Now tell us where the fuck he is
or I'ma leave your ass down
here for the fucking rats.
- [Porsha] I don't know
who he is. I don't know.
- Talk now. bitch!
Or you got to the
count of three.
- [Porsha] I don't
know no fucking Fresh!
Just not!
- One!
- Two!
- [Porsha] No. no please no.
please no. no. no. no. no. no!
No. no. no!
- Welcome to the crew. Ma.
- Fucking asshole. oh my god.
- We can trust your
fucking ass now.
- The fuck. y'all gonna
leave me down here?
Come get me.
The fuck?
- Press a bunch
of pipes .Porsha.
I had to be sure about you.
You know how these streets are.
Motherfuckers claiming
they about that life
but when they back is
up against the wall
they gonna do one of two things.
Fight or fold.
I had to see which one you do.
- Oh yeah well your boys is
lucky I didn't shoot them
as soon as they pulled
up to my fucking car.
The fuck is so funny?
- The gun I gave you
was filled with blanks.
- [Porsha] Oh yeah?
Oh my fucking god.
- I figured you'd bust off.
Couldn't take that chance.
It's all right. Ma.
You ain't mad at me. are you?
It's all good.
I'll make it up to you.
- Oh you sure will.
- [Fresh] Step out of here.
[hip hop music]
[knocking]
- [Porsha] What's up. Fresh?
- What up Porsha. ready?
- Almost. come in.
I gotta get my shoes.
Have a seat.
Silk. this is Fresh.
Fresh. Silk.
Always raiding my
damn refrigerator.
- Nice to meet you.
- [Porsha] I'll be back.
I have to get my shoes.
- That was some real
sneak ass shit you did.
- The fuck you talking about?
- You know what the
fuck I'm talking about.
You wanna play with
my fucking emotions.
use me to get to my brother
and then just toss
me like trash?
- Listen. I told you
to get the fuck on
'cause I ain't want you waiting
no damn 10 years for me.
I was looking out for
your motherfucking ass.
- [Silk] Looking out for
my fucking ass. yeah.
- Yeah. like I told you.
take it how you want.
Does Porsha know about us?
- No.
- [Fresh] Good.
keep it that way.
- What. she's better than me?
- Listen. does she know or not?
- No.
But I'ma tell her.
- Silk. stay the fuck out
my motherfucking business.
Your only fucking warning.
- You need to keep your
hands to your fucking self.
- All right. I'm ready. guys.
Let's go. let's go.
Bye girl. come on.
- Have a good one.
- Bye.
[hip hop music]
- Motherfucker.
[doorbell dinging]
- Who is it?
- It's Lady.
What's up. Fresh?
- [Announcer] There's
Avery Bradley.
Other than that. all
19 belong to Javale.
Dwight Howard or Anthony Dave.
- [Announcer] Over
Javale sometimes
and go and balance like
that on the Thunder
could be a real chewer.
- What's up?
- What's up Ma?
How you been babe?
Let's have some you time.
- Yo Bone. let me
holla at you. man.
- [sighing] Take
my seat one minute.
- [Announcer] And
that's Anthony Davis.
But the pocket is picked.
Taken by Bullard to score!
- What's up. bro?
- You didn't tell her. did you?
- You know. bro.
I was really thinking
this could work out
with two broads. bro.
I think so man. it could happen.
- No. man.
No is no.
- Yo. I know Lady
botched that last job
but she's loyal.
We don't know
nothing about Porsha.
- Listen. man.
I told you I'm not
dealing with her.
She almost got me killed. man.
- So you're making
decisions for all of us now?
- Cash agreed. it's
majority rules. man.
[sighing]
Lady. let me holler at you.
- Yo. I'm telling
you. sun is nice.
- He aigh't.
- What?
He just made five in a row.
Watch him make this next shot.
- We'll see.
- I got a stack on it.
- Go ahead.
- Ugh!
- We no longer need
your services. Ma.
- What do you mean?
- I mean you out the crew.
- Look.
I know I fucked up
last time. all right?
I messed up.
You know. but come on.
- Listen. you out. end
of discussion. man.
- You knew about this?
- Go home. Lady.
Go home. we'll talk later. go.
Just go home. Lady.
- No.
Hell motherfucking no.
This is the weak ass bitch
y'all niggas replacing me with?
This prissy ass bitch?
The fuck out of here.
- [Porsha] Fuck out
of here. come over.
- Yo man. yo. calm down. man.
What the hell y'all doing. man?
Chill. man. chill out. man.
- [Porsha] Get off of me.
get off of me!
- Chill. man. chill.
- [Lady] You fucking bitch!
- [Porsha] Shut the fuck up.
- [Lady] Get the fuck off me.
[gun clacking]
- What now. huh?
Who's the prissy bitch now. huh?
- Yo. Fresh. look
what's she doing. man!
- This shit would
have never happened
if you'd told her she
was out of the crew. man.
- Now you listen to me. okay?
The next time you disrespect me.
I'ma pull this trigger.
But I'ma let you
go back to living
your pathetic little life
after you apologize to me.
Now say sorry.
Say sorry. I'ma pull this
motherfucking trigger!
- I'm sorry.
- I can't hear you.
I need it to be a little louder.
I need you to say
"Porsha. I'm sorry
"for disrespecting you."
- Porsha. I'm sorry
for disrespecting you.
- Good girl.
Now you can go back to
living a simple minded ass
out of here.
- It's not over.
- [Porsha] Walk
out of here. bitch.
[car horns honking]
- Porsha called me
an hour ago man.
tomorrow night we go in.
You good with that?
- Yeah bro.
- Why I ain't convinced. man?
- What you talking about?
- You know what
I'm talking about.
- I said I'm good. bro.
- Get the shit off
your chest. nigga.
- Yo. that shit that
bitch did was foul.
- Bone. Lady stepped
to her first. man.
- Nah. bro.
She went way beyond
defending herself.
She crossed boundaries!
- What she did was no different
than what me and you did
when we was on island. man.
If a nigga steps
us. we cut his face
so fucking bad. he and
everybody else watching
knew not to fuck with us. man.
- [banging] This ain't
the island. Fresh!
This ain't the yard!
She went too far.
She even pointed a gun at me
and I don't go for that!
Who's to say she won't
go too far on the job?
We don't know nothing
about this broad.
- Listen. Bone.
Would we be having
this conversation
if it wasn't your
bitch who fucked up?
- Her being my bitch ain't
got nothing to do with this!
- It has everything to
fucking do with it. man.
Honestly speaking. man.
Do you think Lady would
have passed that test
we put Porsha through. man?
You saw how damn shook she got
after I murdered Goldie!
This is real talk.
nigga. do you?
- I don't know
and we won't know.
Now I understand why
you had to cut her crew
from the loose.
[sighing]
I just don't trust this
bitch. I just don't.
- The fuck you
keep looking at me
like that for. Bone?
- You fucked her?
- What?
- You heard me.
You fucked her?
- Hell no I ain't fuck her.
Listen Bone.
Porsha's in the crew.
she ain't going nowhere.
Bitch like that is too valuable
to what we got going on.
You're gonna have
to get used to it.
- And if I don't?
What. her over me?
I'm expendable?
- You talking stupid. Bone.
- I am?
- Yeah.
Listen. hear me out. Bone.
We've been brothers
since we was kids.
And you know I
don't trust nobody
to watch my back
besides you and Cash.
Trust y'all niggas with my life.
- Same here. bro.
We've been through some shit!
[sighing]
That's why I'm telling you
you need to think about this.
'Cause there's gonna come a time
when you got to choose
between us or her.
And son telling me that
because that bitch is
not gonna be an easy
decision for you.
- [Fresh] All right
Bone. I'm outta here.
I gotta go see Tommy.
[sighing]
[creaking]
- Didn't I tell you
what I would do to you
the next time you
showed your face here?
- How many times I
gotta tell you Tommy.
that shit wasn't my fault.
- I don't give a fuck.
The cops came here
asking questions
because of your fuckup.
That makes you bad
for business. Fresh.
- Hear me out. Tommy.
You're the best in the business.
a business I respect.
But that fuckup cost
me 10 years of my life.
I did my time like a man.
Streets miss Fresh.
Come on. Tommy.
- What do you need?
- Five guns with silencers.
Automatics with steady clips.
- I hope you got extended cash.
This package is gonna
run you seven grand.
- Goddamn. Tommy. seven grand?
You're robbing me. man.
- That's tax for your fuckup.
Take it or leave it
or risk guns with bodies on them
that don't work properly.
Money up front as usual.
- I'll have someone drop
you the money tomorrow. man.
- Fresh. when I look at you
I see a smart and
resourceful marksman.
A throwback from my day.
Don't let the carelessness
be your downfall.
And one more thing. Fresh.
If the cops come back
here asking questions.
the streets will
be missing Fresh
for a different reason.
- You done?
Can I go now?
- I hope I don't
live to regret this.
♪ I see the thing you done
♪ I do it all so
♪ I ain't getting
help from no one ♪
♪ From no one
♪ So you a gangster
♪ Don't impress me none
♪ Ain't seen a thing you done
♪ Done dash P dot com
♪ So you a gangster
[hip hop music]
♪ Don't impress me none
♪ So you a gangster
♪ Ain't see no thing you done
♪ You do it all so
♪ I ain't getting
help from no one ♪
♪ From no one
♪ So you a gangster
♪ Don't impress me none
♪ Ain't seen a thing you done
♪ I do it all so
♪ I ain't getting
help from no one ♪
♪ From no one
♪ So you a gangster
♪ Don't impress me none
♪ Ain't seen a thing you done
♪ I do it all so
♪ I ain't getting
help from no one ♪
♪ From no one
♪ So you a gangster
- You like my shirt?
♪ Aint seen a thing you done
♪ I do it all so
♪ I ain't getting
help from no one ♪
♪ From no one
♪ So you a gangster
[popping]
- Ah!
- Woo!
- Yeah. baby.
That's for real. baby.
- To us!
Start one.
- It doesn't matter.
Do it.
- Woo. that's the burn.
- How's it goin?
- [Announcer] Now
arriving on south two
to 254 Hudson Lane to 250.
Now arriving on south
two to 254 Hudson Lane
to 254 South Cherry Knoll.
[whooshing]
- [Woman] Do you see her?
- No.
- Hey. what's up?
- You okay?
What's going on?
- You don't look too good.
- You okay?
Tell me. talk to me. what's up?
- Tell me.
- What's up?
- You know you're looking
spectacular this evening.
you know that . right?
- Thank you. you're
looking good yourself.
- It's so good to see you again.
- It's good to see you.
- Shit.
- I just can't wait for the
rest of the evening to happen.
- What you got planned later?
- We'll talk about that
in the bedroom I guess.
- Ooh. I'm excited.
- I like you.
[retching]
- What the fuck?
- Are you okay.
what's wrong?
- [Angie] Yo. you think
one of those tricks
fucking busted inside of her?
- Hell fucking yeah.
- I don't know what the
fuck we're gonna do.
- We have to go inside.
- [Angie] No.
What's the matter?
- I'm pregnant.
- Pregnant?!
- Please. please
don't be mad at me.
I knew that if I
told you. you would.
the money that you'll give to me
to transport what's
inside my stomach
could change the life of a man
and my unborn child.
Please. even if I get deported.
my baby will still be
an American citizen.
Something that could never
happen in the old country.
He'll still have a life.
Please. please don't
be mad at me. please.
- Mad at you?
- Please.
- We're not mad.
- Right. I'm not mad.
- We gotta go inside though.
- [Angie] We gotta go inside.
[retching]
- The fuck?
What's going on?
- Don't worry. I got this.
let me take care of this.
[gun firing]
- I never really liked
this bitch anyway.
- Don't invite me over here
on a date and you got stuff.
personal stuff going on.
- Come on. listen.
Let me handle my business.
I got you.
I don't wanna mess
with the plans
we got for later on tonight.
- [Woman] All right.
- Hurry up and
wrap this bitch up
before she starts smelling
up the fucking place.
Yo. what the fuck?!
- Nigger. she had to
use the bathroom. man.
- That's what the
fucking alley's for.
Let her fucking take her
pants down and squat!
- You know I can't be
doing some shit like that.
Besides. you were
supposed to tell me
we had work coming in today!
- I don't have to tell
you everything anyway.
- That's your fucking problem.
You gotta tell me what
the fuck is going on.
You know what?
Go use the bathroom.
Hurry up. you know
where it is. go.
- Where the hell you
think you're going?
Did you see anything in here?
I'ma ask you again.
Did you fucking see
anything in here?
- No.
- Why the fuck am
I not convinced?
- [Gino] Hey yo man.
chill. I told you!
- Why the fuck am I
not convinced?
- I told you she
didn't see anything.
- Mind your fucking business.
It's between me and this
bitch right here.
- Are you for real?
- Yeah I'm fucking for real.
Did you fucking see
anything in here?
- [Porsha] No. I swear on my
mother's grave I didn't see.
- You better keep
that Ray Charles
Stevie Wonder shit working
for you. you hear me?
You hear me?
- Yes.
- Go to the bathroom.
go to the bathroom.
Yo. chill out. man.
The fuck is wrong with you. bro?
- Shouldn't be bringing
this bitch here!
- I just told you.
she's with me!
- At the end of the day. man.
this is our place of business.
You wouldn't have
this bitch up in here.
- That's right. our place!
Don't you fucking
forget that. our place!
The fucking coke
- Let me tell you something.
- is getting to you. bro.
The coke is getting
- At the end of the day
that bitch don't belong here.
- To you. man.
Yeah you need to
chill the fuck out.
Go get yourself a
fucking drink. man!
- There's something
wrong with that bitch.
I'm telling you.
- I'm telling you
right now. man.
she's with me!
That's all you need
to fucking know!
[coughing]
- Oh my god.
- [Don] Ma. you all right?
- [Woman] Nah. not really.
- What you mean
you're not all right?
I told you let me
take care of this.
- Nah. I need to
get up outta here.
- [Don] What you talking about?
- Nah. you bugging the fuck out.
This and the shit
that you got going on.
- Listen do me a favor.
- Nah. don't pull
your shit with him.
- Get your ass up
out of here.
- Get the fuck up
- And you know what?
- Fuck you!
- I got a bitch on speed dial
- I don't give a fuck.
Fuck you and your bitches.
- After you leave.
Fuck you.
- Fuck you!
- [Don] See you
later. stay happy.
[knocking]
- [Gino] Come on
girl. we gotta go.
Let's go.
- Put your hands up!
And don't say a goddamn thing.
- Bitch. what the fuck?
- Go. go to the back!
Come on. let's go.
- [Gino] This is bullshit.
- All right now.
Come on. let's go to the front.
- This is bullshit. man.
This is fucking bullshit.
- [Porsha] Get
the fuck in there.
- Yo. I told.
I told you about this bitch!
- Put the fucking gun down
'cause if you shoot.
I swear to God
both of y'all
motherfuckers is dead.
- You forget?
I know who you are
and where you live.
You don't seriously think
you're gonna get away
with this shit. do you?
- Shut the fuck up. aight?
Don't worry about
what the fuck I can
and can't get away with.
- I told you this
bitch was dirty. man.
- Don. put the fucking gun down.
- Put the fucking gun down
or I'ma shoot your
fucking friend.
Put the fucking gun down.
- Put the gun down.
- [Porsha] Put it down!
I'ma shoot him!
- [Gino] Don. put it down!
[banging]
- [Fresh] Take me to the
motherfucking safe. nigga.
Now. nigga.
- [Gino] Fuck.
- [Bone] Where the fuck
is the moneybag at. bitch?
What?
You need confirmation from
the nigga or something?
- Three bitch ass
niggas with masks on.
[gun firing]
- Wait bro.
I don't want you to kill her.
- [Cash] What?
Fuck do you mean?
- I want this bitch to kill her.
Yeah.
She's the only one in the crew
who don't got her hands dirty.
Who's to say she won't get
'cause she wanna snitch?
- [Cash] This ain't
part of the plan. man!
- Fuck the plan!
That shit you did to my girl
a couple of weeks ago
didn't impress me.
You wanna impress
me. kill this bitch.
- Nigga. that ain't part
of the fucking plan.
- Fuck the plan.
What. you scared?
You a fucking cop?
- [Cash] What the fuck?
- Nigga. get that
fucking gun out my face.
- Screw that!
You show us you're one of us.
then I'll take the
gun out your face.
- [Cash] Hey you
ain't gotta do this.
- Fuck that.
- Fucking bitch. man.
[gun firing]
- [Fresh] Fuck.
- What you doing over here?
- Man. I don't
wanna talk about it.
- You all right?
- Yeah.
- [2Gs] You don't look
like yourself. man.
What's wrong with you?
- I'm good.
- [Chase] Did you think about
what we talked
about the other day?
- Are you fucking
kidding me. Chase?
Are you serious?
I don't got times for no
relationships. nothing.
I need you to flip
my fucking work!
No friendships.
no relationships.
no dick. nothing.
I want you to flip
my fucking work!
Gosh!
- [Chase] That's
what we are now.
that's what it's gonna be?
All right. watch. no
problem. fuck you.
- Hey yo buzz. you need
to get the money. man.
Leave her alone. man.
She ain't worth that shit. man.
- Yo. since when
the fuck we start
changing plans on the
job without discussing
it first. man?
- Yo. chill the fuck
out. man. you're bugging!
- You know what.
since you started putting
bitches in the crew
we can't trust!
- It ain't got shit
to do with trust.
You just mad your bitch
couldn't hold it down
like Porsha could.
Get out your motherfucking
feelings. nigga.
- I don't trust that bitch.
She's gonna be the downfall
of this crew. Fresh.
I can feel it!
- She took a bitch's
head off tonight. nigga.
What more proof you need
than that. motherfucker?
- That don't mean nothing.
I still don't trust her.
Yo. I can't do this. bro.
I'm out. man. I can't do this.
- Bone. where the
fuck you going?
Bone!
Bone. where you goin?!
- [Fresh] Let him
get the fuck on. man.
- Chill. bro.
The crew can't keep
going on like this. man.
We're self-destructing!
- Yo. ditch the car. man.
We'll break bread
in the morning.
- [Cash] Fuck!
[water splashing]
- [Fresh] You all right?
- Yeah.
- First one. huh?
First person you ever killed?
- [Porsha] Yeah.
- Murder's harsh but
it has to be done
in this game we're in.
If we had let them
niggas survive
they would have came back.
found out where
your mother lives
or anybody close to you
and chopped off all
ten of they fingers
just for revenge.
- How old were you when
you had your first kill?
- Real young.
I was 12 years old.
- Why'd you do it?
- I was protecting my mother.
My mother was one of
them type of women
who would accept
being punched on.
I was one of them type of kids
who couldn't accept it.
She was a addict.
One night her and her
boyfriend were getting high
and began arguing that
she smokes too much
of the shit they
went on together.
He punched her.
He punched her so hard she fell
and bust her head
open at the table.
Blood was pouring from her head.
I was angry and scared
at the same time.
I didn't know what else to do
but go to her room.
go inside her drawer
and grab the gun.
When I came back out.
he saw me and charged.
And I squeezed the trigger.
From what the doctors say.
nigga was dead before
he hit the floor.
I'm not proud of it.
- Me and you are more
alike than you know.
- What you mean?
[R&B music]
♪ A belle who drove
on the west side ♪
♪ She fucking with a
nigger on the east side ♪
♪ Always fuck it up
and just get high ♪
♪ When you hop with the
gas you don't act shy ♪
♪ So say what you mean
♪ So say what's on your mind
♪ Girl say what's on your mind
♪ Say what's on your mind
♪ 'cause you know you're
still on mine tonight ♪
♪ Hey you know if it's wrong
♪ That's all right
♪ 'cause it feels so right
♪ Baker's man
♪ Bake me a cake as
fast as you can ♪
♪ Roll it pat it
♪ Mark it with a B
♪ Put it in the oven
for baby and me ♪
♪ Pat a cake. pat a
cake. baker's man ♪
♪ Bake me a cake as
fast as you can ♪
♪ Roll it. pat it.
mark it with a B ♪
♪ As fast as you can
♪ Roll it. pat it.
mark it with a B ♪
- Porsha!
Bring yourself in here now!
♪ Porsha. Porsha
you gotta go away ♪
you gotta go ahead ♪
- What did I tell you
about letting them
street lays get you. huh?
What did I tell you?
Don't lie to me.
What was you doing?
You was out there
doing something
you wasn't supposed to.
You was out there
kissing them boys!
I know you was.
- [Porsha] No mommy. I wasn't!
- Don't lie to me!
- [Porsha] I'm not lying.
I swear to God. mommy!
- Yeah!
Yeah. whatever.
Tired of that. how you
always talking to me
some type of like.
acting like she grown.
- [Porsha] Mommy.
you drinking again?
- You don't tell me
anything in this house.
You're not grown.
Don't tell me what
to do in this house.
This is my house.
- [Porsha] What
is wrong with you?
[thudding]
[light music]
- Hey guys. it's
your girl Ms. Melony.
You're watching Deja Vu TV.
We're live here in East Harlem
where there's a
string of robberies.
We have no suspects or
witnesses at the moment.
Excuse me sir. do you mind
if I ask you a question
about the recent crime
in your area and how
do you feel about it?
- Yes.
I feel that it's
really disturbing
because we have
all these police.
We got a police station
not too far from here.
And for all these
robberies and these crimes
to be going on in this area.
it's been gentrified.
And majority of the
people around here.
it should be more policing.
more people for this
community outreach
about all the robberies
that's happening.
And it hurts me
'cause I gotta pick
my wife up at night
and walk my son.
And he's 12 years old.
And it's kind of
bad.
- Okay.
Well thank you for tuning in
and stay tuned.
we'll be right back.
[knocking]
- Can I help you?
- I'm here to see Joey.
- And you are?
- Tell him it's Gino.
- Gino?
Yeah. Joey. you
have somebody here
named Gino to see you.
All right. I'll send him down.
You can go down.
- Gino. my longtime friend.
To what do I owe this honor?
- Joey.
Oh man.
Joey. you heard what they did.
The fucking cocksuckers.
they killed my fucking partner.
They fucking shot his
fucking brains out.
Fucking Angie.
Fucking Angie!
I saw her on the
fucking floor dead.
I'm gonna deal with that.
But right now I'm
not here for that.
I got 50 bricks coming
in in two weeks.
Double Dragon
straight from China.
What I need from you.
I need you to give me 10 bricks
to hold me off for
the next two weeks.
In return. I'll
give you 12 bricks
as a way of me saying
thank you for this gesture.
Please. I really need this.
Can you help me?
- Gino. were you followed?
- [Gino] I was not followed.
- You sure?
- [Gino] I'm positive.
I was not followed.
- Gino. forget about the bricks.
You know what I want from you?
I want you to get these
fucking cocksuckers. okay?
- On my mother's grave.
they're fucking
dead. dead. dead!
You got my word!
- Thank you.
'Cause I don't need that shit
in my fucking neighborhood.
- [Gino] They're fucking
dead. don't worry about it.
[phone ringing]
- Yo. what up?
- Yo Fresh.
Think I got something
for you. big boy.
- Talk to me.
- I just seen Gino.
He in a beauty shop.
He come out [mumbling]
but I think you can find out.
If you give me more time
I can get back to you
and fix it now.
- All right. say no
more. keep me posted.
All right. one.
[hip hop music]
♪ You don't need him. no
♪ Don't worry bout it babe
♪ 'cause I'm here
♪ I'm all you'll ever need
♪ Tell your man
he can kick back ♪
♪ Me and you going
to the tip top ♪
♪ In Puerto Rico
with flip flops ♪
♪ Put diamonds all
in your wristwatch ♪
♪ Oh we can go to Jamaica
♪ Just in case you
wanna switch spots ♪
♪ It's up to you
♪ We can take it to the crib
♪ We can stop by the
Keys for a pit stop ♪
♪ But we can hang
out by the beach ♪
- Hey girl.
- Hey.
- So how long you
gonna be gone for?
- I don't know. girl.
I just need to get outta here.
I need to get away and
think about some things.
Get my mind cleared. you know?
- I feel you.
Well. do what you gotta do.
- I will.
[phone chiming]
♪ 'Cause I'm really gonna
make you feel alive ♪
♪ There's no limit
so I can take it ♪
♪ Princess 'cause
of your bracelet ♪
♪ If you lost your heart
♪ Let me be the one to
replace it. be patient ♪
♪ Wanna be the one you call
♪ Whenever you need
someone to call ♪
♪ You're the baddest
chick that I ever saw ♪
♪ Baby girl you
deserve an applause ♪
♪ When I cash it
all over your body ♪
♪ And do things he
ain't ever did ♪
♪ But one question
gotta ask yourself is ♪
♪ Who you really think
you'll be better with ♪
♪ I love your body
♪ Plus he ain't no body
♪ So come round my body
♪ Like a Ducati
♪ Pop the wheelie. mama
burning rubber yeah ♪
♪ I'ma kill that kitty
work the mama yeah ♪
♪ He can never love you
like I love you baby ♪
♪ Sweet lady
♪ I need you
♪ You need me
♪ That's sweet bye
- Porsha. this is the
fifth time I call you.
I don't know what
the hell is going on
but you need to call me
back soon as possible.
Shit. man.
- Yo Fresh.
What we gonna do if
she don't call us back?
- I don't know. man.
- Yo. you won't be
able to do this job
without getting into
the nigga's apartment.
We won't be able to
get close to him!
- You think I don't
know that. man?
- That's a lot of money
we're gonna miss out.
I told you!
That bitch hasn't been the
same since two weeks ago
since that Don V job.
Told you I didn't trust her!
[banging] Call Judah.
- Yo. Judah. we're gonna
have to leave this job
for another time. man.
Porsha ain't picking up.
- What?
Yo man. that sound like a
personal problem to me. man.
Listen man. y'all get yourself
before tomorrow aight?
- Yeah aight.
♪ Goddamit
♪ You driving me crazy
♪ I see a day to see a job
♪ It's what it made me
♪ Getting braver
♪ Think it's mighty slavery
♪ Nine to five
grind and strive ♪
♪ Fucking nigger pay me less
♪ They pay my bills at minimal
♪ But see it pay me stress
♪ Doing this. doing that
♪ And turn around
and score we true ♪
♪ How I did it wrong
♪ When I just did it
like you told me to ♪
♪ I don't care do it again
♪ That's what I be
really thinking ♪
♪ Yes sir. no sir
♪ That's what I be
really speaking ♪
♪ 'cause even though this job
♪ Gets me on fire obviously
♪ What make a nigga piss
more is live in poverty ♪
♪ Obviously I gotta work
♪ Suck it up and give a smirk
♪ Smiling even though it hurt
♪ And see my boss
a fucking jerk ♪
- [Fresh] Silk. where the
fuck is Porsha at. man?
- You drive and I tell you.
♪ Jack with the white socks
♪ I'm steady slaving for
days just give me one shot ♪
♪ Slaving all day.
slaving all night ♪
♪ He works long days and
he works long nights ♪
♪ Slaving all day.
slaving all night ♪
♪ He works long days and
he works long nights ♪
♪ Slaving all day.
slaving all night ♪
♪ He works long days and
he works long nights ♪
- So quit playing fucking
games with me. man.
Where Porsha at. man?
- I don't know.
- Fuck you mean you don't know?
She just made me miss out
on a lot of fucking money. man.
- All right.
She left.
- Left?
Fuck you mean she left?
Where she go?
- Like she left left.
I sent her to Atlanta.
- Fuck me.
- [Silk] But you know you're
still sexy as hell. right?
- Silk. quit playing
games with me. man.
- [Silk] I ain't playing.
♪ And so a seaman is dreaming
♪ And rapping ain't working
♪ On a professional level
it's so objectional showing ♪
♪ I'm doing dirt with so
everyday I work shit ♪
♪ I'm steady
slaving but hating ♪
♪ Just like I'm roost helmet
[people chattering]
- [Silk] Hey boo.
- Hey.
- [Silk] I missed you.
- I missed you too babe.
- So did you get
your mind right?
- Yeah I definitely
needed that trip.
I definitely got my mind right.
- Okay.
My car's this way.
So. you already know.
Back to this money.
- I don't know about that. Silk.
- What you mean?
- I don't know.
The reason why I left is because
that Don V job. that
shit fucked my head up.
And [sighing] I needed
to get my mind right.
between my mind.
and trust me. that trip
got me to thinking.
I'm getting out the game. Silk.
- What you mean?
Porsha.
I don't know nobody
that go harder than you.
What are you talking about?
- I'm getting out the game.
I'm not gonna stop
chasing the bank but.
I'm leaving the drug dealing
and the robbing niggas behind.
I can't keep doing this shit.
- Fuck these niggas.
- I might end up
in jail or dead.
If I keep going like this?
I can't do it no
more. Silk. it's over.
I gotta think of something
bigger than this.
- So what's the plan.
what you wanna do?
- I haven't really
thought about it
but maybe. I don't
know. some stocks.
Maybe flipping some property.
I don't know. anything.
But the streets is not
an option anymore. Silk.
- [Silk] Come on.
let's get in the car.
We'll talk in the car.
- Bitch. you need to think about
getting out the game too.
Like the same rules that
apply to me apply to you.
You stay in this hustle
for one minute too long
and that's it. it's
game over no resets.
And when it happens.
you're not even gonna
see it coming.
That's the fucked up part.
I know you're not listening.
you're not convinced
'cause we've been hustling
you know since we
was kids. I get it.
But girl. there's
bigger things out there.
We can't just stay
in the streets
the rest of our lives.
Think about it.
- Yeah. I got you.
- You sure?
I need you to really
think about this.
I'm getting out the game
and I don't need you
in the game as well.
I don't know.
In the meantime though.
I like one or two more favors.
You gonna come rock
with me on this?
- [Silk] That's what
I'm talking about.
- All right babe.
Let's get this money.
♪ Gucci purses and Prada tee
♪ Rolexes and champagne
♪ Living life like
we rock stars ♪
♪ To keep ask a shorty
for a mad name ♪
♪ Like this yo
♪ 'Cause ain't nothing is
better than you found ♪
♪ And I always be there
to watch you down ♪
♪ If you riding and
who's looking out ♪
♪ Hey yo better
take a look around ♪
♪ 'cause ain't nothing that's
better than you found ♪
♪ And I always been
there to watch you down ♪
♪ If you riding alone
who's looking out ♪
♪ Hey yo better
take a look around ♪
♪ Like Mary J you
got a real love ♪
♪ How you make me
feel is so great ♪
♪ We be on the phone
to the early morn ♪
- Hear y'all got
something for me?
- Porsha. what's up?
I've been calling your phone
for like a whole week now.
We're losing crazy
money out here.
- What you mean?
Chase didn't come last
week to hit y'all off?
- Hell no.
I've been calling his
cellphone like crazy.
Nobody even seen
the nigga either.
- Get the fuck outta here.
Aight. I'ma see y'all in a bit.
Yo Silk. you seen Chase?
- Nah. not since you left.
- Are you serious?
- I'm dead serious.
- Oh my fucking God. this.
All right. let's go
see 2Gs real quick.
I gotta pull up on him.
I gotta see where Chase is at.
- All right. we out.
- What's up. you know you
look good. right baby?
- Thank you.
- [2Gs] What's up.
what you doing later?
- What you wanna do?
- I'm gonna have some
fun. I know that.
- All right. so
let's go somewhere.
- [2Gs] All right. babe.
- [Porsha] Yo. 2Gs.
Have you seen Chase?
- No I ain't seen him.
I'm waiting for him.
- So he ain't come get you
to cook the work last week?
- No. and he not
answering the phone.
- Oh my god.
- What's up. but
you still need me?
- Nah. yo. we're good.
I'ma hit you up in a little bit.
- All right.
- Come on. let's go. let's go.
[tense music]
Oh my god.
He's not here.
He took everything.
Everything. that's
the last of it.
Let's go. come on. get
the fuck outta here.
[knocking]
- Knocking at my door. man.
- You gonna let me in?
Man I'm not in the
mood for your shit.
- You think I care
about what mood you in?
You leave the crew
hanging on a job.
come back a week later.
talking about what mood you in?
Who you think you are. man?
- Fresh. I made a
mistake. I'm human.
- And you know how I
feel about mistakes
in this line of work. man.
- Fresh. come on.
- Listen. man.
I fought my nigga to
keep you in this crew.
The nigga who got my
back since the sandbox.
I did that shit 'cause I
thought you was worth it. man.
- Oh so me rocking
Don V's bitch to sleep
isn't enough to hold
down my position?
- Hell no.
There's more to being
part of this crew
than just squeezing
triggers. man.
- Oh yeah. like what?
- Loyalty. we don't run
out on each other. man.
- I didn't run out!
- The hell you didn't.
You knew we had a job to do.
Instead of being here
to hold down your part
you chose to run off to Atlanta.
- How'd you know
I was in Atlanta?
- Listen man. it doesn't
matter how I know.
What matters is you weren't here
when we needed you. man.
- Fresh. I'm sorry.
That Don V job.
that messed me up.
That sliced open body.
rocking his bitch to sleep.
that shit messed with my head.
I've been seeing
that in my dreams.
I needed to get away.
I needed to clear my head.
And of course what me and
you did the other day.
- So what happens the
next time you gotta
body another motherfucker?
The next time you
see too much blood.
you gonna run out on us
again like a coward. man?
- Come on. Fresh.
- I can't keep putting
my crew in jeopardy
over you. man.
I can't keep taking
chances on you. man.
First you bailed out on me
when me and you
had an altercation.
then you bailed on
the entire crew. man.
I can't keep doing it . man.
Fuck away from my door.
[knocking]
- Yo. what up. ma?
- Yo. what's good?
Where's Miguel at?
- He in the back.
But why you knocking on the door
like you're the
po-po or something?
- Man. you know--
- I look like some type
of illiterate nigga
to you or something?
- He knows I'm coming.
Damn. what the
fuck. where's he at?
Is he here. is he not?
- Yo. Miguel!
- [Miguel] Yeah.
- Porsha out here. yo.
- [Miguel] Let her in.
- He in the back.
- So you come to do business
with papi again. huh?
After our slight
misunderstanding
I thought I lost
a valued customer.
- Man. that shit you
pulled on me last week.
that shit was mad wack.
I expect you to do
better this time.
- I'm a honest drug dealer.
Why'd I purposely sell
you some bullshit?
This package I got is puro.
- Aight. I hope
so for your sake.
Where's it at?
- You got my money?
- Yeah.
- When you told me
your money was low
I thought you was gonna offer
me some pussy for a package.
I better package
that pussy tidy nice.
It smell good too.
- You will never find out.
- Manny. get the bricks for
this beautiful young lady.
- [Manny] All right.
It's all good.
- Good.
- I'll be back.
- Man. hurry up. man.
You act like I don't have
shit to do too. bitch.
Fuck off.
♪ Hey yo the game
was steady balling ♪
- [Miguel] The fuck?!
♪ It wasn't meant to be
♪ Chilling in my crib no doubt
♪ Peep the scenery
♪ Telephone ring then it stop
♪ Before I could answer
♪ I heard a knock at the door
♪ So I answered it
♪ It was Jermaine he
had a little situation ♪
♪ Beef up on the block
♪ And off the dot that
led to confrontation ♪
♪ Said Miss Caspi acting
hard on the block ♪
♪ Making pumping
wait and hold it ♪
♪ So Dwayne got shot
♪ Now see Dwayne was
just a knucklehead ♪
♪ But still with his cousin
♪ And I'd be wrong
if I ain't help him ♪
♪ With his beef
he gone rushing ♪
♪ He said listen. listen homie
♪ Ain't no time for discussion
♪ Motherfucking
pressure's rising ♪
♪ And it's boiling and busting
♪ So if you with me
then you with me ♪
♪ Nigga make a decision
♪ Gotta bet you be the hook
♪ 'cause we about
to go fishing ♪
♪ Now listen
♪ When it's on then
it's on for sure ♪
♪ Kiss my girl up on the head
♪ And then I went out the door
♪ Starting up in the dark
♪ The dark it comes to light
♪ So always play your part
♪ Your part and say good night
♪ Stand up in the dark
♪ The dark becomes the light
♪ So always play your part
♪ Your part and say goodnight
♪ Stand up in the dark
♪ the dark it comes to light
♪ So always play your part
♪ Your part and say goodnight
♪ Stand up in the dark
♪ The dark it comes to light
♪ So always play your part
♪ The part. say goodnight
♪ Hey yo we pulled
up on the block ♪
♪ And it's raining
it's hard to see shit ♪
♪ All I seen is six headlights
♪ That means it's three whips
♪ Three chicks hop at the whip
♪ We got some heaters
♪ When they walked up on
us slowly and told me ♪
♪ they wanna get to know me
- Oh shit.
♪ Jermaine was
scoping them bitches ♪
♪ He peek the strategy
♪ Then took us to a
building with children ♪
♪ They watching actually
♪ But naturally took us
to the basement instead ♪
- [Porsha] Fuck!
- [Man] You think you're cute?!
- [Porsha] Get off of me!
Get the fuck!
- [Man] Put her down!
Put her down. put her down.
Put her down. she thinks she's.
got me fucking chasing you?!
- Hey guys. it's
your girl Ms. Melony.
You're watching Deja Vu TV.
I'm live here in East
Harlem on 124th street
where we have two men
that were murdered.
And I have actually
one of the residents
of the building where
the men were murdered.
Her name is Ms. Watkins.
How are you doing
today. Ms. Watkins?
- Good. how are you?
- I'm good. thank you.
Now can you share
a little bit of
what happened here?
Did you see anything.
hear anything?
- I didn't see anything
but I heard gunshots
from my apartment.
It was pretty scary.
it was in succession.
- Okay. is there anything else
you wanna add here
before we wrap
this story up?
- See that?
- Just that it's shocking
because it's a very
quiet building.
I've been here for 45 years
and we've never had a problem.
Everyone pretty much
knows one another.
you know your neighbor
so it's kind of alarming.
- Okay well I'm really sorry
you guys are experiencing this.
Make sure you guys stay
tuned to Deja Vu TV.
We'll be bringing you
the latest update.
[splashing]
[knocking]
- Hold on a minute.
Who is it?
- [Man] Hello ma'am.
it's the police.
- [Ms. Watkins] The police?
Hold on please.
Give me just a minute.
Just a sec.
Hi.
- [Man] How you doing ma'am?
- [Man] Hello.
- [Man] I'm Detective Lewis.
This is my partner
Detective Schwartz.
You mind if we come in and
ask you a few questions?
- Yes. can I see your badges?
Thank you. hold on one second.
Come right in. officers.
You can have a seat over there.
- Hey. Ms. Watkins.
- Thanks. Ma'am.
- How can I help you?
- So. Ms. Watkins.
Do you know why we're here?
- [Ms. Watkins] I
think I have an idea.
You two have a seat.
- Okay keep going.
We just have a couple
quick questions for you.
- Okay.
- There was a
shooting last night.
I don't know if you were up
or you were at home when
the shooting was going on
but we're just trying
to find out maybe
if you've seen something
or heard anything.
anything you might
be able to tell us
that might help our case.
- As a matter of fact. I did.
- Did you see anyone
fleeing the scene
or leaving from anywhere?
Anything you might
be able to tell us
that can help?
- Oh I saw a young lady
leaving one of the apartments.
- [Detective Lewis] About how
tall would you say she was?
- Between 5'4 or 5'5.
- [Detective Lewis] Okay.
black. white. Spanish?
- She was either Hispanic
of African-American.
- Can you tell me what this
young lady was wearing?
- She had on a black hoodie
and some gray stretch pants.
- Was she alone?
- Yes she was alone
because I remember
she was carrying
this rather heavy bag.
And it was difficult
for her to carry.
- Okay.
Ms. Watkins. would
you happen to know
a Manny or Miguel?
- Miguel is my neighbor.
- Okay. anything you could
tell me about Miguel?
- He's rather respectful.
nice young man.
I just notice that he
has a lot of people
coming and going at
all hours of the night
from his apartment.
- How long have
you known Miguel?
- I've known him
for a long time.
I've lived here all my life.
- So you know everything.
- Yeah. you know
sometimes I'm up at night
pacing the floor.
reading my bible
and I happen to look
through the peephole
and you see a lot going on.
I just wanna be safe.
- These your children?
- Yes. my children
and my grandchildren.
- I see she just graduated.
- Yes she did.
The first one of the
grandchildren to graduate.
- All right Ms. Watkins.
we thank you for your time
and your cooperation.
You've been very helpful.
- Thank you officers.
anything I can do to help.
- If there's anything
you think of.
you can reach us here.
- Thank you so much. officer.
- Don't be afraid
to use the phone.
- I won't.
- Thank you. appreciate it.
- Thank you for your help.
- [Detective Lewis] You have
a good night. Ms. Watkins.
- [Ms. Watkins] You
too. thank you officers.
I feel safe just knowing
you're all around.
- You got a nice apartment too.
- [Ms. Watkins] Thank you.
I've lived here all my life.
- Can I have a apple?
- No. that's for my kids.
- You got a lighter?
- No. I don't have one. partner.
- I will offer you one.
But to be honest. I
just don't want to.
- Man. what am I in here for?
- First of all.
you got me confused
with a person that
likes misconception.
I'm not that person.
Misconception confuse things.
They slow down the process.
For an example. you
have a misconception
how this interview
is supposed to start.
You think you gonna
be running shit
and you gonna ask the questions.
It's not gonna happen.
It's gonna start
by you telling us
where the gun is.
- What gun?
- The gun our officer saw you
coming down the staircase with.
- The gun that we
know that you used
to murder Manny and Miguel.
[speaks in foreign language]
Don't get stupid.
- Better listen to him.
- This is double
homicide. sweetheart.
[speaks in foreign language]
You're famous now!
You in the big leagues!
- Man. I don't know
nothing about no murder.
I don't know shit.
- But you know Miguel
Lopez. don't you?
- Just 'cause I
know a motherfucker
don't mean I killed him.
- But how do you know him?
- He's a friend.
- What kind of friend?
- A friend. that's it.
- No. Miss Garcia.
He's not just a friend.
He's your plug.
In fact. I know he was!
I bet my pension on it.
- I don't know nothing
about no gun or nothing.
- [Detective Lewis] Really?
So this friend. this
so-called friend.
when was the last time
you saw your "friend"?
- It's been a while.
- [Detective Lewis]
What's a while?
- A while.
That's it.
- I need to know days.
I need to know months!
I need to know weeks! [banging]
- A couple weeks. I don't know.
- Are you sure about that?
- Yeah. hell yeah. I'm sure.
- She playing games. man.
- So you're saying you
didn't see him tonight?
- Nope.
- So you're saying you
didn't speak to him
at any time today?
- No!
- So what the fuck you was doing
in that building?
- Visiting a friend.
- What's your friend's name?
- Deja.
- And what's your
friend's apartment number?
- 304.
Man look. I wish
I could help y'all
find whoever did this. but.
I can't. I don't
know what happened.
- Mmm. she don't
- No.
- You're cute.
You're really cute.
- You know what
else is cute. man?
You know them big burly
bitches down the road.
they like cute ones like her.
You know what else
they like to do?
They like to pass
your pussy around
for the ramen noodles
and cigarettes.
Yeah. that's what
they like to do.
- [Detective Schwartz] Exactly.
- Look. I don't know shit.
- [Detective Lewis] Yeah.
- You don't know huh?
- Man. look. I don't
know anything. all right?
And I'm done talking to you.
I want my lawyer.
- [Detective Lewis] Right.
- No problem. Miss Garcia.
No problem.
Shit. if I was charged
with double homicide.
I would want a lawyer too.
- [Detective Lewis] Hell yeah.
- In fact. to be honest.
that's the smartest
decision that your dumb ass
made all night.
Oh. for the record. Miss Garcia.
you're gonna love this one.
We know that you
spoke to Miguel today.
'Cause the incoming
call on his cellphone
would show that.
We also know that
you shot him tonight.
'Cause the gunpowder
[speaks in foreign language]
in your hands.
will also prove that.
Even if!
Even if my officers
can't find the gun
that you tossed tonight.
we got something just as good.
- [chuckling] Sure do.
We got a witness.
- [speaks in foreign
language] bad.
You fucked up.
You fucked up bad.
Real bad.
- [Guard] Come on. come on.
[clacking]
- Same shit again?
- Come on ladies. hurry up.
Let's move this line.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
- Really?
- Yo. I heard you
got a new bunkie?
- Oh shit. are you serious?
Where is she?
- That's what it is.
- Then stop coming back.
Hey. you got a extra hotdog.
you're eating for two.
- [Inmate] Oh yeah.
Thank you so much.
- You're welcome.
- Can I get another juice?
- No.
- [Guard] Just grab your
tray and let's move it.
- Dog food look
better than this shit.
- What's wrong with you?
Had a bad day?
- Nothing. what's wrong
with you?
No.
- Here. get your cup.
- Thank you.
- Come on. let's
move this line. let's move
the line. let's go. ladies.
- Here we go again.
Is this ever gonna end?
- I don't know baby.
Maybe you should stop
coming back to prison.
- Can I get two of those?
- Two of what?
- Hotdogs.
- You ain't on.
you ain't pregnant.
- Oh I gotta be pregnant?
- Yeah.
- Yeah yeah.
- You on a special diet.
Jeez. I tell you.
- Who the fuck are you?
- Well. what's your name?
- Why. you don't know
me and I don't know you.
- Look. I don't want
any problems. okay?
I'm just asking your
name. that's all.
- I don't know you.
- Well I heard
that the two of us
are gonna be sharing a cell.
So I just thought
that it would be like
a good idea for us to
know each other's names.
I mean it would keep
the tensions down
between me and you and
around here a little.
So instead of us you know.
walking around like. hey you.
No. okay. so.
What's your name?
My name is Angel.
- Porsha.
- Is that your real name?
- That's the name
my mother gave me.
- You ever asked her like
why she named you that?
- Never really got a chance to.
She died when I was nine.
- Oh. I'm sorry to hear that
but I feel you.
Mines died when I was only six.
So like what are you in for?
- Murder.
- Who did you kill?
- Nobody.
- Oh.
I'm in for the same thing.
The only difference
is I actually did it.
- Who'd you. I mean
why'd you kill him?
- He raped me.
Yeah. it's his baby if
that's what you're wondering.
- Are you serious?
- As a heart attack.
It's just. well.
the first time though
was like the last time
that I actually had the courage
to do something about it.
He raped me so many times
throughout the years.
I couldn't even keep track.
- [Porsha] How old are you?
- I'm 18.
[tense music]
So like. Porsha.
do you play spades?
- Nah. I'm good.
- Oh. well.
I'll holla at you later then.
Bye.
- [Guard] Come on ladies.
let's eat up. let's eat up.
[tense music]
- [Woman] Here we go again.
- No problems out of
you on your visit.
I guarantee this will be
the fastest visit you ever had.
- Hey boo.
How you doin?
What's going on.
how you holding up?
- It's a process.
girl. but I'm doing it.
You know ain't no walls
or barbed wire fence
is gonna break me
and hold me back.
- I know that's right.
You whoop anybody's ass yet
'cause I know how you are.
- Nah. girl. I stick to myself.
If they don't fuck with
me. I don't fuck with them.
I ain't really
trying to get to know
none of these bitches in here.
- I feel you.
You see anybody we know up here?
- Nah.
For the most part
I stay in my cell.
I'm not really trying
to make friends
or see friends. nothing.
- Yeah.
That's the only way to be.
Just stick to yourself.
- It's the only way to be.
- But overall we're
missing you out there.
How you feeling?
- I just miss my freedom.
- I'm sure you're missing
some dick too. [laughing]
Girl. we're gonna throw
you the only party
when you get home.
I can't wait.
We turning up.
- [Guard] Silk. quiet down now.
- I can't wait my
damn self. shit.
This shit is for the birds.
- I know that's right.
Porsha. you sure you're okay?
- Yeah I just miss the
streets like crazy sometimes.
- I know. you're gonna
be out of here soon.
Soon enough.
So how's the case going?
What the lawyers talking about?
- I mean it's just.
I really won't know anything
until my first
preliminary hearing.
And that could take months.
- Yeah.
Have you been speaking
to anyone yet?
- Yeah. she can't really
tell me nothing new right now
because I'm not taking
no plea bargain and
she just told me be
prepared for trial.
- I feel you.
- Yo. speaking of my lawyer.
- [Silk] What's up?
- I need you to do me a favor.
The day I got
caught by the cops.
I stashed a bag full
of money and bricks
behind that alley at 305.
I need you to go get that
and hit my lawyer off for like
a hundred grand. all right?
I ain't fucking with no
public defender. fuck that.
Then the rest of the money
I need you to put
it in the bank.
- Okay.
I got you.
What about the bricks though?
- Get with 2Gs. put
that shit up. bag it up.
hit the crew off.
Just 'cause I'm locked up
don't mean we can't get
money while I'm in here.
- I know that's
right. I feel you.
- I really need you. Silk.
You're all I got
while I'm in here.
I really need you to
come through for me.
- Porsha. I got you.
- Now Silk. time almost up.
- Hey. I need you.
- Just trust me.
I got you.
- All right.
- [Silk] Can I say
bye to my friend?
[inmates chattering in distance]
- Hey!
I didn't see you at chow today.
I brought you something.
You look like a cooked corned
beef Reuben type of girl.
- Girl. I cannot eat
that stuff at chow.
- I completely understand.
That's why I got my job
in the kitchen though
'cause I was like that the
first two weeks I got here.
But you know. I am
eating for two. so.
that's why I could eat
what I want whenever I want
in that kitchen.
- Yeah.
Can I ask you something?
- [Angel] Sure. go ahead.
- What are you gonna do
when the baby's born?
I mean. what if you get
a lot of time in here?
[sighing]
- I'm young but I'm not naive.
I know that as soon
as I have this baby
they're gonna take
it away from me.
I'm just trying to enjoy
motherhood right now
for as long as I can.
It's just the only thing
that's keeping my mind
off the fact that I'm
probably gonna be in here
for the rest of my life.
- Don't say that.
- [Angel] It's the truth.
- It's gonna be okay. I promise.
- [Angel] Okay.
I'll believe you for now.
- All right. bye.
- Come on Silk. pick up.
I've been calling for
two fucking weeks.
- We're waiting
for that phone.
- Yeah wait your turn.
wait your turn.
- Oh my god.
- Let's get that phone going.
- [Guard] Come on five
minutes. let's go.
- [Inmate] Let's go.
I got a call to
make. it's urgent.
- [Guard] Wait your turn.
- Pick up the
fucking phone. Silk.
come on. I'm calling
for two fucking weeks.
- Come on. man.
- Come on. if you can't
get through. let's move it.
- Money. baby.
- Ugh. you backstabbing bitch.
- Chill. man. you're gonna
break the damn phone!
What the hell's wrong with you?
- [Guard] Let's go.
let's go.
- Damn yo.
- Just make your
phone call. let's go.
One more incident like that.
you're gonna be in the box.
All right. come on.
let's go. let's go.
You make your phone
call after the count.
- Why. she took all my time.
- Because I said so.
after the count. let's go.
- [Porsha] What the
fuck you want. bitch?
- You know what the
fuck I want. bitch.
I've been waiting for
this moment so long
my tits is hard.
- Man. fuck you. bitch.
[bashing]
- [Lady] Don't talk
that shit to me.
- [Angel] Get the fuck off her!
[screaming]
[bashing]
- [Porsha] Leave her alone!
Get off of her!
[screaming]
[bashing]
- Like I told you before. bitch.
I've been waiting for this
moment a long time. bitch.
Hope you enjoy it as
much as I'm about to.
[screaming]
Shut up. you stupid bitch.
[somber music]
- Oh. Angel. Angel.
Angel!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. CO. somebody help me!
Oh my god I'm so sorry!
Somebody come help me!
Where's the CO?
I'm so sorry.
I can't believe this.
Oh my god Angel I'm so sorry.
Somebody help!
- Code red. code red.
10-1. cell five.
[Porsha sobbing]
- [Guard] What's going
on. what's going on?
Who was it?
Who did this?
Is she okay?
Back up. miss.
Back up.
Is she breathing?
- [Bald Guard]
Paramedic. paramedic.
10-1. cell five.
10-1 cell five.
- [Guard] She's not breathing.
- Everybody out .everybody out.
Take her out of here.
get her out of here.
Hey.
What happened in Porsha's
cell the other day?
- [Inmate] I don't know
what you're talking about.
- I know you seen what happened.
- No I didn't.
- If you're lying to me.
I'ma give you 20
days in the box.
- But I didn't see anything.
- [Guard] Go ahead.
- Oh my god. you two.
what just happened?
- What happened?
- Oh my god I just saw her
get punched in the face.
- Who?
- No way.
Oh my god.
- Who did that?
- [Inmate] Oh shit!
- It was Lady!
- [Inmate] For real?
- Yeah it was
Lady. I don't know.
She will break my nose.
- Why?
- It was scary. it was scary.
- Oh. is she badly cut?
- I don't know.
Well yeah. I mean lots of blood.
- Wow.
- Yeah. oh my god.
- [Inmate] Where is she?
You know where she's gone now?
- I don't know. she
must be in the hospital.
- Hey Lady. how you doing?
- Hi. CO. how are you?
Why do you ask?
- I heard what you did.
- What'd I do?
- To Miss Garcia and Angel.
- Oh yeah?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
- Turn around.
Let's go.
You think I'm playing. let's go.
- It's not what you heard. CO.
it's what you can prove.
- Oh I could prove a lot.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
Prove a mighty lot.
Let's go.
[speaks in foreign language]
[somber music]
[sobbing]
[banging]
- Hey. you're just in time man.
games on halftime right now.
What's up man. what's going on?
- What's up. Fresh?
I gotta holla at you
up this time. bro.
- [Fresh] What's up. talk
to me. what's going on?
- Yo when was the last time
you heard from
that broad Porsha?
- Man you know I don't
fuck with that broad.
Not after she left us
hanging on that job. man.
- Facts.
I feel you on that.
- [Fresh] Well. what's up then?
- I just came from the
safe from visiting Lady.
- State?
Thought she was on Riker's man.
- Nah man. she got transferred
on a murder charge.
- Murder charge?
- Her and her girls
were boosting.
Stomped out some pregnant lady.
They killed her and the baby.
- Dang.
- Yeah.
But that's not all though.
- Sure.
- Lady was telling
about some chick
she cut up on the Island.
- Word?
Lady up in that motherfucker
wilding like that?
- Yeah man.
- I didn't think she had
it in her to get down
like that. man.
- I heard the girl
she cut up was Porsha.
[tense music]
- What?
- Yeah.
Listen. man.
Me and Porsha never got along
but I would never wish no
harm on nobody like that.
And I don't know how bad
she got cut up though.
But I just thought
I had to tell you.
You all right. bro?
- Good. man.
- Sure?
- [Fresh] Yeah.
- All right. man.
Just had to drop
that news on you bro.
I gotta get out and
get some business.
♪ Ey whoah
♪ Ey ooh
♪ Ey oh
♪ Ey
♪ Face old
♪ Your father's calling
you from the porch ♪
♪ Name so make the code
♪ Gray gold
♪ Your face will
never be the same ♪
♪ Flame
♪ Bold to steal the sun
♪ When the only
weapon is your name ♪
♪ And they won't come
if you don't pay ♪
♪ Good intentions hold us back
♪ You should stand down
♪ Ey oh
♪ Ey ooh
♪ Ey
♪ Shame. control
♪ Like a cage behind
deep dark eyes ♪
♪ The games unfold. you've won
♪ Tame your soul
♪ Let it grow without a show
♪ Make the code and run
♪ When the only
weapon is your name ♪
♪ And they won't count
if you don't pay ♪
♪ Good intentions hold us back
♪ You should stand down
♪ Call
[man mumbling]
- How are you
holding up in here?
- How does it look
like I'm holding up?
How did you know I was here?
- I mean I heard about it.
I don't know what
happened though.
How'd you get in here?
- I robbed and killed two
niggas in the projects.
- How's your case looking. man?
- Not good.
- [Fresh] What they got?
- A witness.
- No murder weapon?
What exactly did
the witness see?
- [Porsha] What do
you want. Fresh?
- I came here to
see you. Porsha.
- All right. you've seen me.
I look like a circus freak.
- Porsha.
You're still beautiful. man.
- [Porsha] No I'm not.
- Yes you are.
- [Porsha] What do you want?
- I wanna be here for you.
I wanna help you beat this case.
- I appreciate the gesture. but
trusting people's not one
of my best attributes.
Not anymore.
And I refuse to get betrayed
so I'm sorry you wasted
your time coming over here.
- Hey. Porsha. I love you.
I loved you since the first time
I laid eyes on you.
Maybe I should have said
something a long time ago.
maybe you wouldn't
be in here right now.
I guess I let my
pride get in the way.
But I love you and
I know you feel
the same way about
me. don't you?
Don't you?
- I do.
- I wanna help you
beat this case.
Then you gonna come home
with me and get married.
Is all that all right with you?
- Yes.
- Hey Ms. Watkins.
come on. how you doing?
Let's make this nice
and easy. grandma.
Come on. grandma.
Nice and easy. stay right here.
Just turn around for me.
nice and easy grandma.
Shh. it's okay.
- Go on. what do you want?
- Look. old lady. we ain't
got time for bullshit.
- A damn shame.
Beating up a poor.
disrespectful old woman.
Y'all generation ain't got
no respect for your elders.
There's a special place in
hell for the three of you.
God's got one for you all.
- [Fresh] Listen Rosa
Parks. save that stuff
for church service on Sunday.
Right now. you and I have
business with each other.
- Oh my god.
Do I look worried to you?
I am 65 years old.
My days are numbered
and borrowed.
What are you gonna do. kill me?
I'm not scared of dying.
Hell yeah I'm testifying
against that bitch.
Matter of fact.
I'ma get there early
to make sure I
don't miss nothing.
- I figured that.
- Tada.
- [Ms. Watkins] My family?
My family don't have
nothing to do with this.
- The fuck they don't.
They got everything
to do with it
that I say they do.
- What do you want me to do?
- Something simple.
Tell the prosecutor on court
that the woman on trial
is not the same woman
you saw entering and
leaving the building
the night of the murder.
You don't testify and
no harm comes your way.
If you do testify.
me and my disrespectful
heathens here
will make sure they
die very slow deaths.
- [Ms. Watkins] Oh my god.
- It's all up to you.
- [Cash] Be smart.
- What's it gonna be?
- Okay. okay.
I won't testify.
- [Fresh] [clapping] Good girl.
[ominous music]
[cars honking]
- All rise.
The Supreme Court of New
York's Criminal Division System
is now in session
with presiding Judge Crawford.
- [Judge Crawford]
You may be seated.
Bailiff Spooner. please
swear in the jury.
- Raise your right hand.
Do each of you swear
you will fairly
try this case before the court.
that you will return
a true verdict
according to the evidence
and the instructions
of the court. so help you God?
If so. say I do.
- [Jury] I do.
- You may be seated.
Your honor. today's case
is the State of New York
versus Porsha Garcia.
- Members of the jury.
your duty today
will be to determine
whether the defendant
is guilty or not guilty
by the facts and the evidence
presented in this case.
Is the prosecution ready?
- Yes your honor.
- [Judge Crawford] Be seated.
Is the defense ready?
- Yes. your honor.
- [Judge Crawford] Be seated.
- Your honor.
members of the jury.
we're here today because
on September 8th. 2019.
Porsha Garcia took a handgun
and two intentional shots
that killed Miguel Lopez
and Manny Rodriguez.
Prosecution will prove to
you beyond reasonable doubt
that Miss Garcia
is guilty of murder
in the first degree.
The State of New York
wishes to provide justice
and closure to the Lopez
and Rodriguez families.
We are confident that
the weight of evidence
we intend to present
throughout the course
of this trial will render
the defendant guilty.
- Your honor. ladies and
gentlemen of the jury.
under the State law.
my client Porsha Garcia
is innocent until proven guilty.
She stands here before
you falsely accused
of first degree murder
and a double homicide.
That is a very serious matter.
The State of New
York wants justice
and we want justice too.
But for the right person.
At the end of the
trial all we ask
is that you render the
right verdict. not guilty.
Thank you.
- Prosecution. you may
call your first witness.
- The people call Ms.
Watkins to the stand.
[tense music]
- Raise your right hand.
Do you promise the
testimony that you're giving
the court today is the truth.
the whole truth. and
nothing but the truth
so help you God?
- Miss Watkins.
If you refuse to swear in.
you will be found in contempt.
- Your honor. may
we have five minutes
in your chambers please?
- Ms. Watkins?
- [Ms. Watkins] Yes. your honor?
- If you refuse to
testify. I have no choice.
I have to subpoena you.
You're wasting my time.
you're wasting the court's time.
make a choice.
- Your honor. I'm afraid.
- [Judge Crawford] Of who?
- I'd rather not
say. your honor.
- Ms. Watkins. I cannot help you
unless you tell me
who you're afraid of.
- Your honor. if you need
to subpoena me. I understand
but can you protect my family?
- I cannot protect your family
if I don't know who I'm
protecting you from!
- There's a lot at
stake your honor.
my family's in danger.
I don't feel comfortable saying.
- [Judge Crawford] Ms.
Watkins. make a choice.
- Your honor. may I go now?
- Please go.
- Ma'am. you gots
to be kidding me.
After two whole weeks of sitting
at that deliberation table
you're gonna tell me Miss
Porsha Garcia is not guilty
'cause she's a woman?
- No.
That's not what I'm saying. sir.
What I'm saying is just because
she was at the
scene of the crime.
that doesn't mean she
committed the murder.
It's a tenement.
There were hundreds
of people there.
- There were a ton
- Right.
- How can it be only her?
- Come on now.
The cops said they seen her
and she ran from them.
And why would she run
if she wasn't guilty?
- I could think of plenty
reasons why she would run.
One. she was scared.
- She was scared. she
could have been nervous.
- [Man] Wouldn't you
run if you saw a cop?
- Why is she scared and nervous
if she's not guilty?
- Ever met a cop
you could trust?
- There's not a
high level of trust
for police officers in
that community. right?
- Does she have any priors?
- Priors or no priors.
guilty is guilty.
There was a gun on the scene.
- Where's the evidence?
- Now I hear you.
But I also heard three cops
say the same exact thing.
- Three cops?
- Yeah. three.
- Were they male?
Were they female?
Were they biased?
Were there any witnesses?
- They say they've
seen Miss Porsha Garcia
with a gun in her hand.
And she ran from them.
Now coming from
where I come from.
a gun plus a run.
that equals guilty.
- And coming from
where I come from.
you can't trust the cops.
There's no evidence.
real evidence.
She didn't get
caught with the gun.
There's no real witness.
It's just three cops
saying the same thing.
- Look.
I think we just need
to keep track of
the information that was
presented for the case. right?
Let's not make any assumptions.
There's no gun. right?
No clear evidence
connecting Miss Garcia
with actually the crime. so
I say she's not guilty.
- [Woman] There's no witnesses.
- I think we don't know enough.
[slamming]
- Will the jury
foreperson please stand?
Has the jury reached a verdict?
- Yes we have. your honor.
- [Judge Crawford] Will
the defendant please rise?
Read the verdict.
- We the jury of the
State of New York
versus Porsha Garcia finds
the defendant not guilty.
- [Porsha] Oh my god. yes!
- [Judge Crawford] Jury.
the court thanks you
for your time.
The defendant is free to go.
Court is adjourned.
- You did it. baby.
- No. you did it.
You made this happen.
Thank you for giving
me my life back.
♪ Closer closer closer
♪ Get a little closer
♪ Closer from the last one
[R&B music]
♪ I ain't trying
to play you baby ♪
♪ It's more than that
♪ I'm looking for
a good vibration ♪
♪ Try to celebrate but
♪ Ain't no celebrations here
♪ Trying to get paid yeah
♪ I've got patience for real
♪ Out in LA I'm MIA
♪ Talking temptation
♪ Real cute girl Sade
♪ I'm not here to play
♪ I know you want it all
♪ But I can't give it all away
♪ Yeah
♪ Shorty celebrate
♪ I know you got
a situation girl ♪
♪ You did some things
♪ And you'll keep
running back to him ♪
♪ And he can pull aside
♪ Get a little closer
closer closer ♪
♪ Closer from the last one
♪ Just get a little
closer closer closer ♪
♪ Get a little closer
♪ Closer from the last one
♪ You don't need
to act so ashamed ♪
♪ This sex so bad hey
♪ I can text you daily so
♪ If it gon make you
crazy girl yeah ♪
♪ Forget about the
briderunners girl ♪
♪ Don't think
♪ 94 to too late
drink drink drink ♪
♪ If you want me
longer ring ring ring ♪
♪ Me right now
♪ Get a little closer
closer closer ♪
♪ Closer from the last one
♪ Just get a little
closer closer closer ♪
♪ Get a little closer
♪ Closer from the last one
closer closer ♪
♪ Get a little closer
♪ Closer from the last one
♪ Just get a little
closer closer closer ♪
♪ Get a little closer
♪ Closer from the last one
♪ I ain't trying
to play you baby ♪
♪ It's more than that
♪ I'm looking for
a good vibration ♪
♪ Try to celebrate but
♪ Ain't no celebration
- Hey sexy.
- Hey.
I love when you call me that.
- Yeah?
Wanna go out and celebrate?
- [Porsha] No. I wanna
stay here with you
and sleep and lay down.
- You sure?
- [Porsha] Mhmm.
- I got something to tell you.
- What is it?
- It ain't nothing
bad. chill. man.
I'm getting out the game. babe.
- You sure that's
what you wanna do?
- I was sure that day I
came to see you at Rikers.
I got one more job to do.
After it's done.
I wanna marry you
and move away and
start a family.
- [Porsha] You wanna marry me?
- Indeed I do.
- I love you.
- I love you too.
What's up. boy?
- What's up bro?
- [Fresh] What's popping?
- What up?
- Called you here
today to tell you
I'm getting out the game. man.
- You doing what?
- I'm getting out the game.
- Get out the game?
- Ain't shit for
me no more. man.
- [Judah] Get out the game?
- Yeah.
- Why?
- Just wanna do right by Porsha.
move the fuck up out
and start a family. man.
- Fuck all that.
We lit right now.
I got everything set up.
It's a go right now.
We about to eat.
- Listen man. listen to
what I'm telling you. man.
- [Judah] What?
- Ain't shit left
for me no more. man.
You gotta know when to get in
and when to get out man.
- [Judah] Fool. are you crazy?
- No I'm not crazy.
Do I look crazy. man?
- [Judah] Oh. I know what it is.
This nigga scared. [laughing]
- [Fresh] Scared of what?
- [Judah] Oh man.
- I'm the realest motherfucker
you ever gonna see and
you know that shit. man.
- [Judah] And I know that.
so what you talking
about right now?
We lit right now.
I got everything set up.
Listen. listen
we'll go in there.
we're gonna get some
more fucking money.
and we're good.
- Listen to what
I'm telling you man.
I'm either gonna wind up
dead or in fucking jail
if I listen to you. man.
- [Judah] What you talking about
this jail and
- I wanna get
out of here. man.
- scary shit
you talking about?
- Ain't nothing about
being scared. man.
You just gotta know
when to get out. man.
- [Judah] All the
work we done put in?
- Yeah.
- [Judah] Now you gonna
say is us get killed
and go to jail?
- Listen. man.
What I'm gonna do is connect--
- We right here.
Whatever. this the
biggest lick we ever had.
We ain't never had no big
shit like this before.
We good right now.
We do this one last hit
tomorrow at nine
o'clock and we good.
[gun firing]
- Fuck!
My baby! [sobbing]
- [Fresh] Fuck your baby.
get your hands up. bitch!
- Fuck you!
I ain't telling you
shit. you killed my baby!
- [Fresh] You know what the fuck
we're here for. where's that?
- The cartel's gonna kill you
for what you did to my baby!
[gun firing]
- I'll blow the
fucking head off next.
It makes no difference to me
if she dies. this motherfucker.
- You sons of bitches don't
know what you just did.
Your family is dead.
you're all dead.
- [Bones] Put your
hands up. old man.
Move slow. motherfucker.
- You just opened a Pandora box.
- [Bone] Shut up old man.
Take us to it.
- [Fresh] Watch the door.
- You opened a Pandora box.
- [Fresh] Shut the fuck up.
Lay down.
- You ain't gonna live
long enough to spend this.
None of you will.
[gun firing]
[glass shattering]
- [Reporter] Breaking news.
This is L. Wing from Deja Vu TV.
[siren blaring]
We just got a report in
from 111th street First Avenue.
It seems that three armed gunmen
has just ran into a
local business store.
Guns were blazing .shots fired.
And hold on. according to
what's coming in right now.
one or maybe all
of their suspects
have been wounded or injured.
We'll get back to you as reports
come into the station.
[somber music]
[sobbing]
♪ You were mine
♪ And I was yours
♪ We were fine
behind closed doors ♪
♪ No space and time
♪ Can change it all
♪ Now we find these
vacant halls ♪
♪ Where those
pictures used to be ♪
♪ Now is shattered
broken glass ♪
♪ And every time I walk across
♪ It's a reminder of our past
♪ I don't give a damn about it
♪ But you know that's not true
♪ And I wish that you
could change your mind ♪
♪ But you know that's not you
♪ I mean I don't
need to think about ♪
♪ Another girl
♪ Just the music now
that you're gone ♪
♪ Ah yeah ah yeah oh
♪ I've been on a roll
♪ Playing lots of shows
♪ For the fans going me
♪ Oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
♪ Thank you you you you
♪ Thank you you you
you ah yeah ah yeah ♪
♪ Thank you you you you
♪ Sometimes I still
think about how my ♪
- Yeah I'm chilling
man. for real man.
Handle my business man.
you ain't know
how we do it. man.
[clicking]
[R&B music]
♪ Hey Nate
♪ Sunny Leigh
♪ Hey little mama chitlin I do
♪ Funny where the
real one. hear me ♪
♪ And they talked huh
♪ Oh I
♪ Feel like losing
my mind tonight ♪
♪ I feel like losing my mind
♪ Feel like losing my mind
♪ Oh I
♪ Can't believe
that you are mine ♪
♪ Can't believe that
♪ I needed patience
♪ 'cause we're true
these niggas wild ♪
♪ Maybe hating
♪ Your beauty in the skies
♪ Never basic
♪ And when we're from
they claim they were ♪
♪ Well they be fronting
♪ Baby girl I love you more
♪ You got me crazy
♪ And now you wonder why
I'm ducking on you lately ♪
♪ I'm seeing things a bit
more clearly my baby ♪
♪ You turn me on
♪ When you say things
♪ Whoah
♪ Sunny Leigh
♪ I come alive in
the night time ♪
♪ Ice biggin with
the white wine ♪
♪ You know she rocking
with the right guy ♪
♪ Shorty pair with
the light eyes ♪
♪ She killing em
light on her heel ♪
♪ A compliment to
the foreign wheels ♪
♪ But you gotta keep
it more than real ♪
♪ Sex on the beach
just for the thrill ♪
♪ They don't do it like she do
♪ Pull out some do
when I see you ♪
♪ Put AC away just to be cool
♪ And all that just to preview
♪ You know my crib
is the hot spot ♪
♪ It's on. got them jumping
like it's hopscotch ♪
♪ And I'ma keep
grinding when I stop ♪
♪ Sunny Leigh and Nate
got a tough spot ♪
♪ Oh I
♪ Feel like losing
my mind tonight ♪
♪ Feel like losing my mind
♪ Oh I
♪ Can't believe
that you are mine ♪
♪ Can't believe that you mine
♪ Can't believe
that you're mine ♪
♪ Oh I
♪ Feel like losing